{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh13900\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 1. Briefly describe your understanding of what the browser does, including definitions of the following: client server render
\b0 \
Our computer, the client gets information from the server, or the main computer / mainframe. This allows the client to reduce processing for the server. The computer to computer conversation involves a HyperTextTransderProtocol. The browser then renders or converts text and image data to a human-viewable format on the screen.\
\

\b 2. What is HTML? In your answer, include definitions of the following: \

\b0 - Tag: tag has 2 parts the opening and closing. They are hidden on the webpage however defines how the browser should format and display content\
- Element: one component of a HTML document\
- Nodes: have data and can link to other nodes. Individual parts of a larger data structure such as linked lists or tree data structures\
- Attribute: provides additional information about the contents of an element. They appear on the opening tag of the element and are made up of a name and a value separated by an equals sign.\
- Block element: starts on a new line and takes up the full width (such as div, h1-h6, p, form\'85)\
- Inline element: doesn\'92t start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary (such as span, a, img, em, strong, \'85)\
\

\b 3. Very briefly, explain the purpose of the following elements: \

\b0 - Head: holds data about the HTML document such as title of the browser, styles, links, scripts, and bases.\
- body: body is the section that holds everything is displayed\
- p: tag that defines a paragraph\
- form: allows user to send data to a server to process \
- div: divisions for HTML to make it easier to read\
- span: is an in-line element and used for a small portion of html. With a plan element you can add styles to that content or manipulate it with something like Javascript\
- select: element is used to make a dropdown list\
- h2: second most important heading type\
- ol: defines an alphabetically or numerically ordered list\
- ul: defines an unordered or bulleted list\
- table: displays data like text, images, links or other tables within rows and columns\
- tr: tag that creates a row in html\
- td: defines cell in table}